com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateTool
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$color: int white
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int btn_gray
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_bg
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_disabled
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_selected
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int textView
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$layout: int main_layout
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
